Previously on
"Sons of Anarchy"...
Pope: I need a dead Son
for the Niner
and the cop you killed.
That maintains
my relationships.
Trager stays inside
for the rest of his life.
I just watched my best friend
get beaten to death for you.
I need Trager outside.
Him knowing I saved his life
gives me an internal advantage.
And when I'm done,
you can send him out
the same way you did his kid.
- Mr. Mayor.
- What do you want from me?
I know how important
Charming Heights is to you.
We're going to make
your dream come true.
I can also get you
a new investor--
one of the biggest
developers in Oakland.
Did you see Otto?
I think I got through to him.
[laughing]
My father, he's black.
Eli found out.
He tried to get me
to work with the feds.
- Why?
- It's a RICO case.
Otto flipped,
Eli threatened me.
He said that if I
gave him some evidence,
that he would
spare the club.
What did you do?
I stole that brick of coke.
Miles caught me doing it.
[shouting]
Clay was the one that put
the Nomads in motion.
I need proof.
You want me to spy on him?
I want you to be with him.
Make him feel like a king.
I want Frankie Diamonds
and anyone else responsible
for killing my wife,
and I give you the rat
at your table.
Jesus Christ!
This is not what I wanted!
Who's the rat?
I'm not gonna be responsible
for another dead body.
Chibs, Tig, Happy--
they'd
cut their own hearts out
before they'd
talk to the cops.
Only leaves one guy--
a guy who tried to hang
himself a few months back.
He didn't have a choice.
We always have a choice.
Shit.
Really?
You're sitting on my house?
Taking you in
for questioning.
For what?
The attack at Unser's.
Now?
Which way
we gonna do this?
This is bullshit.
Where are the prospects
going?
Early morning pickup.
What are you doing here?
Ah, I ain't sleeping much.
Figure I'd catch up
on work here.
Good.
You can keep me company
'cause I am sick of this
pain-in-the-ass exhaust.
How's the head?
Still hard.
How you feeling?
Tired and hated.
I heard
you've been banned.
Tara will come around.
We're working on that.
What about...
you and Nero?
Something happen there?
Who wants to know?
Just me, love.
Probably not.
Clay?
You done with him?
What do you think?
I think
he still loves you.
How do you know that?
Same way you do.
[motorcycle approaching]
Bobby!
What are you doing here?
I got to lock up.
Yeah, I know.
I just talked to Jax.
He wants me to bring you
up to speed on a few things.
Okay.
She okay?
I think our mother
is a little bit lost.
Yeah.
I'm sure she is.
[sniffling]
♪♪ [banging strident notes]
[Thomas crying, wailing]
Shh.
It's okay.
[gently]: Yes.
[knock on door]
Yeah.
- Hi.
- All right, thanks.
Are you kidding me
with this shit?
All right,
shut up and listen.
Jax knows that it was you
who gave up the club, okay?
You got to get
out of Charming now.
You ratted me out?
No.
I needed Frankie.
Okay?
Told Jax that I would give him
some intel on the rat.
But Frankie's dead.
I know.
I didn't tell Jax.
He already knew
that it was you.
I'm sorry.
Anything I can do?
Juice?
No.
No, I got it.
I filled him in
on Juice and RICO.
I had no choice, brother.
The secret protected the MC.
I'm sorry.
I get it.
Well, shit.
It's all falling apart,
ain't it, Jackie?
Turning to shit.
Not for long.
I see an end.
I know something
I got to tell you.
I knew about the leverage
Roosevelt had on Juice.
And I didn't
want to say anything
'cause I didn't think
he would give us up.
What is it?
His old man's black.
You got to be kidding me.
No.
There's no paperwork.
Idiot didn't know any better.
Maybe it's time
we change a few bylaws.
Amen.
So...what do we do?
We just...
Bobby:
Take him to the club.
Not yet.
All the shit
we're trying to change.
We already had three members
turn on the club.
Word gets out about a rat,
it is gonna spook
our new alliances
and blow back on everything
we're trying to do.
He's not really a threat.
We watch him.
Wait till it settles.
Yeah.
And then what?
Jax: Then we bring it
to the table.
Let him hang himself.
♪ Riding through this world ♪
♪ All alone ♪
♪ God takes your soul ♪
♪ You're on your own ♪
♪ The crow flies straight ♪
♪ A perfect line ♪
♪ On the devil's bed ♪
♪ Until you die ♪
♪ Gotta look this life ♪
♪ In the eye ♪
Hey.
Morning.
You heading in?
If I can see Otto today,
I think
I'll change his mind.
Be careful.
So...
I'm gonna drop Thomas off,
and Elyda will be here
in about 20 minutes.
Where's Abel?
Oh.
He's playing with Juice.
He's waiting for you.
Hey.
Good morning.
Want some coffee?
I'm good.
So what's going on?
I know you know.
Eli told me...
hoping that I'd split.
I got no place to go, Jax.
No friends...
no family.
Things would turn to shit,
no matter where I went.
I know
about the leverage.
Chibs.
Oh.
He knows?
Him and Bobby.
Why don't you tell me?
Feds had us on RICO.
They wanted the cartel
and the Irish more than us.
They said if I gave them intel
on the guns and the coke,
they would only take the Sons
who were at the buy.
Leave the rest
of the MC intact.
I was just trying
to protect the club.
Miles didn't steal
the coke, did he?
He caught you stealing it.
- That was an accident.
- Shut up!
[sigh]
Do you want to earn
your way back in?
A pardon.
What does that mean?
It means you do everything
I tell you to do,
and I make sure your betrayal
never hits the table.
It stays between us.
Yes, of course.
This club is all I got.
You know that.
Just tell me
what you need me to do.
Clay.
He was the one
behind the Nomads.
Setting shit on fire
to sabotage my leadership.
Rita's murder.
Killing the Nomads.
The attacks
on me and Unser.
That all happened
because of your pal Clay.
Oh, shit.
What?
Frankie
tried to tell me that.
Tell you what?
He said that Clay
was behind the break-ins,
that the Nomads stole
the safe from his house
but gave Clay
back all the legal shit.
You're gonna find
those documents, Juice,
'cause that's gonna prove
that Frankie's story is true,
that Clay is a traitor
and a murderer.
I know you're
close to him, bro,
but he's poison.
And you don't know
the half of it.
Jesus Christ, Jax.
He knows about me and RICO.
Put it together,
same way you did.
When?
Couple of days ago.
It's a simple choice,
Juice.
You help me bring Clay down,
or you lose your patch.
And I think you know
what killing another
member gets you.
Okay.
I'm in.
[gate buzzes]
That's gotta be him.
[engine revs]
We started the practice
two years ago--
Gladys Hahn and myself.
Both pediatrics.
We met at Providence.
I know Gladys.
She's wonderful.
Yes, she is. And last month
we added Lisa Woo.
Neurosurgeon,
specializing in children.
Those are some potent girls
you have on your team.
Yes, and we're looking
to add one more.
A neonatal specialist.
We'd like to make you
an offer.
Um...
You do know I'm--
I'm still in therapy?
I haven't operated in months.
I also know
the prognosis is good.
You're exactly
what we want, Tara.
All your focus
is on the healing.
Meticulous surgeon,
using your downtime to refine
your counseling skills.
Gave up the big city
to move back home.
And now gratis work
in prison.
I did my homework,
and Margaret helped.
I just filled in
the blanks.
I'm...
I'm-- I'm not sure
what to say.
Don't say anything.
Take a few days.
Talk to your husband.
I'm here till
the end of the week.
Okay.
Thank you.
I-- I would take you
out to lunch,
but I have a hot date
with some inmates.
[laughing]
That's right.
It was lovely
meeting you in person.
Uh, this is...
all about our practice,
the town, the schools.
Hopefully, everything
you'll need to say yes.
Fair enough. Thank you.
Is Clay here?
No.
I haven't seen him
since last night.
I took care
of his hands.
[car drives up]
Find out where he is.
Let me know.
I saw the papers.
Charming Heights vote,
going your way.
Congratulations.
Yeah, things are, uh,
moving forward.
Relax, Jacob.
You're my landlord.
No one thinks
you're here to buy guns.
Which, of course,
we don't sell.
Uh...
Did you bring it?
What do you want it for?
Just making good
on our agreement.
The investor in Oakland.
Y-Y--
That may not be necessary.
It could be a number
of people--
Number you're looking for
is one, Mayor.
I need a name,
for Christ's sake.
And when it's real,
you'll get your name.
Nice.
All right.
There's a couple things
I'd like us to be clear on.
When I make this happen,
TM gets the contract to do
all the mechanical work
on Charming Heights
maintenance vehicles.
And?
Subsidized housing
for Lyla and her kids.
That's Opie's widow.
Tig: Jax.
Prospects called.
Appreciate it, Mayor.
I'll be in touch.
They trailed Hightower
to a club outside of Oakland.
- All right, let's go.
- All right.
Here.
Put that in my office.
Yes, sir.
What did Hale want?
Diosa paperwork.
Hey.
You hear from Juice yet?
No.
Delaney's been complaining
about headaches,
stiff neck, nausea.
Could be bullshit, but until
we get the blood work back...
No, that makes sense.
Those are all pre-symptoms
of meningitis.
We're not equipped
to do a spinal tap.
There's an internist
on duty at St. Thomas.
I'll check out Otto,
and then give him a call.
See what he recommends.
Great.
Well, I'll be in prep
if you need me.
Okay. Thank you.
Figured out what you were
treating me for.
Gave 'em a few symptoms.
Because you wanted
to see me?
You believe in God?
Um...
I think so.
Nah.
That's not believing, Doc.
That's...
that's covering your ass
in case there's a rapture.
Luann
was a bit of a Jesus nut.
Think it helped balance
the shame she felt
taking dick in her ass
for a living.
I tried to believe, but...
it never stuck.
Something happened to me
yesterday,
with you.
I haven't cried that way
since I was a kid.
That's good.
[sigh]
I'll make my part of RICO
go away.
[sigh]
Thank you.
I'd--
I'd like one more thing.
What's that?
Before I went inside, I...
gave Luann this crucifix
my mother gave me.
It was this ornate
gold and silver piece.
Luann promised she'd give it
back to me when I got out.
I-I know they're not gonna let
me have it in here, but I--
I just want to wear it
for a few minutes...
you know, maybe say
a prayer or something.
I'll see
if I can get it.
It's gotta be today,
Doc.
That blood comes back soon,
and-- [chuckle]--
they're gonna figure out there
ain't nothing wrong with me.
Hey, brother.
Sorry it's been so long.
[whispering]
Heard what happened.
Glad you're still standing.
Me, too.
I got wind of a RICO case
against us.
I think
Otto might be involved.
You hear anything?
Nothing more than I
already told Jax.
Otto talking to the feds.
Right.
How about
the last few weeks?
You notice any change
in Otto's status?
No. Still on the row.
Protected.
No visitors.
I can't get to him,
if that's what you're asking.
Well, the feds haven't
made a move, so...
I don't know, maybe
it's bullshit, huh?
I hope so.
Can I do anything for you
on the outside?
I ain't
got no more outside.
Yeah.
Hey.
Got your message.
Where have you been?
I went by the trucking lot,
and the Airstream is gone.
Uh, I was asked
to vacate the premises.
Apparently, double homicides
are bad for business.
So where are you living?
Here and there.
Christ, Wayne.
Just park it along that fence
until you find another lot.
Okay.
Thanks.
Sit down.
What's bothering you?
Clay's the one behind
the Nomad attacks...
and Rita's murder.
But Jax can't prove it,
so he wants me
to find something,
anything, that he can take
to the table to hang Clay.
Shit.
There anything
you can think of?
Not offhand.
But I'll, uh, burn
some gray matter on it.
Thank you.
[phone rings]
[ring]
Yeah.
What's up?
Any movement?
Just some locals.
But we scoped it out, Jax.
There are bikes in back.
Tricked-out shit.
What's up?
Come on.
Bikes in the back.
Oh, man.
Ah, shit.
Those bikes
look familiar.
Teller.
What the hell you
doing here, brother?
About to ask you
the same question.
This is a Bastard hang, man.
What's up?
So what's going on?
I'm looking for someone.
Guy called
Randall Hightower.
Large black fellow.
Looks like the word "Obey"
should be pasted
under his head.
Why are you looking for him?
He killed Opie
when we were in County.
Shit.
I don't like where this
is going, T.O.
He hired us to protect him.
I didn't know
it was from you.
Well, we'll be
buying out your contract.
Ain't that simple.
He's my cousin, man.
We came up together.
- You sold me out!
- Randall, no!
- Go! Get the front!
- Chibs!
♪ Play, if you don't,
gonna get your life dealt ♪
♪ Me and a buddy get some
feel good livin' ♪
♪ Baby girl, when a man turns,
please don't look ♪
♪ It's the phenom,
you a peon ♪
♪ Still in the streets,
above and beyond ♪
♪ I got drink on my cup,
wiley on my waist ♪
♪ Brown on the top,
tryin' to get her name ♪
Move!
♪ Hey, hey, fresh
on the grid ♪
♪ Hey, hey,
fresh on the grid ♪
Yo, we had no idea Randy was
involved in Ope's death, man.
Well, now you know.
Where do we find him?
He's blood, man. I can't
just turn him over.
There's gotta be something
we can work out.
Like what, bro?
How are we gonna
make this right?
Jax.
Well, isn't this just
a bunch of bullshit.
Let's just find Fat Albert
and cave his skull in.
Second that.
For 20 years
we have had relationships
with these people.
The Grim Bastards have
always backed us, always.
Maybe we need to look
for a compromise.
There was a couple of other
guys with your cousin
when they took out Opie.
Why don't you let us
talk to them?
We'll get those names,
throw him a beating,
but we'll let him live.
All right.
I'll track him down.
I'll let you know.
[knock on door]
Yeah.
Got a minute?
For what?
Last piece of the puzzle.
I, uh, went through
Luann's shit in storage.
It's gotta be this.
Yeah. That looks right.
Thanks.
You gonna make me ask?
I gave Otto his care package.
He asked for this, too.
They're not gonna
let him keep that.
No, I know. He just
wanted to see it again.
Sentimental value, I guess.
You volunteering
at Stockton?
Yeah.
Since when?
Um, just recently.
I have the time.
Seemed like
the right thing to do.
Good for you.
Tell Otto I say hi.
Hope that saves his soul.
Thanks for coming...
bringing this.
Anything you need,
Mom.
What's so urgent?
I got a little disturbing
news the other day
I wanted to bounce off
my Mexican brethren.
It turns out there was
this RICO case, right?
It was about to come
crashing down on all of us,
and then, all of a sudden,
it just went away.
You wouldn't know anything
about that, would you?
- How the hell would I know?
- Who told you this shit?
I heard it from my sources.
Oh, you got sources now?
Oh, yeah. I got sources
that are helping me sort
through all the facts.
For instance, how you
were able to get Jax
to do a 180 on the drugs
and the guns.
And why he kept me breathing
so that Gaalan can continue
to funnel Irish guns your way.
One might think you
were holding something
over his head,
like maybe a RICO case.
And then it hit me.
In order to pull that off,
you'd have to be wearing
two really big hats.
What federal agency
could be that devious
and that manipulative?
Where's this going?
I don't know,
and that's the problem.
I think Jax is pushing to kill
the RICO leverage you got.
If that happens, I go away.
And the guns go away,
and you go away.
How's he doing that?
He's getting to Delaney,
the guy who gave 'em history.
Looks like we both have
something to lose.
What do you want?
I want protection.
When the MC
gets out of the picture,
you're gonna need me.
I got the Gaalan connection.
Him and me will
put together a crew.
We'll keep the guns
floating your way.
Then all you need
is a mule for your coke.
MC's got to stay
in the picture.
They've been
really good for us.
Yeah, you're right.
If that push
comes to that shove,
we'd need you more than Jax.
Out with the new,
in with the old.
Jax goes away,
you get the MC back.
Everything
stays in place.
No.
No, I ain't
gonna make that deal.
Sure you are.
We'll be in touch.
Hey, thanks for meeting me.
Yeah.
I come bearing gifts.
Charming Heights,
a three-phase
residential community.
They're looking
for backers.
Our mayor is
the principal developer.
How convenient.
He's also indebted to me.
Good for you.
I don't know if it's
a good investment or not,
but I wanted
to run it by you.
He's desperate to keep
this thing alive.
You can do a lot
with a desperate man.
What's your end?
Maintenance contracts.
Some kind of percentage
for the MC.
All up for discussion.
Nothing greedy.
Sounds fair.
Thinking beyond the street.
Just taking your lead,
man.
Mm-hmm.
There's only one thing
standing in the way of our
growing partnership.
You know
what that is, right?
Yeah. Hmm.
How much longer do you need
Trager on that leash?
I'm not sure yet.
I am.
I need an end date.
I found out
who the insider was,
trying to hurt us.
Hmm?
Clay Morrow.
Your father?
Stepfather.
I'm still putting
together the pieces
on how to bring him down,
but it's gonna be soon.
When that happens,
you can have Trager.
You have my word.
I'm expecting "soon"
to be soon.
If not, I intervene,
and that's bad for everyone.
Understood.
Oh, yeah.
The guy you're looking for,
the one who killed
your friend in County,
he's at the boatyard,
Canal and Hayward.
I'll run this past my board.
Look at you.
[chuckles]
Here.
How'd you know
we were here?
A friend.
You remember
what those are, right?
I'm trying here, man.
I can't convince Randy
you guys ain't gonna kill him.
Come on. Where is he?
Listen, I talked
to him about Opie.
The order came down from Pope
to take you guys out in County.
GN recruited Randy
'cause of his size.
It was the guards
who set up that kill.
Cuz had no choice, man.
He was in too deep.
So who
were the other guys?
He hardly knew them.
Let us hear that from him.
I need your word, man.
Yeah. Okay.
No, cuz,
they just want to talk!
Hey, let him go. Let him go.
They just want
to talk, cuz.
We'll blanket.
Bobby, I'm with you.
- Hold up!
- Hey!
Where you going?
You ain't gonna get by.
Hey, yo, get back!
Over here!
- Hey!
- Back off!
- Put the gun down!
- You're gonna kill me.
No, man.
We want to talk to you.
Your call, T.O.
Randall, listen, they gave me
their word, all right?
Just put the gun down, man.
Who else
killed our friend?
One guy. His name was Aldo.
Smith, I think.
Other guys, I just knew
their first name.
Vox and Mace.
That's all I know.
I swear.
I got this.
Jesus Christ!
What is this shit?
[silenced gunshots]
Jax, you gave me
your word, man!
And so did you.
You said you were
gonna deliver him.
You didn't.
Who the hell are you?
Jax.
You just shit on
two decades of brotherhood.
What you did back there
was wrong,
and it hurts all of us.
You know,
you might be right,
but you didn't see
the pleasure
in that animal's face
when he caved in
Opie's skull!
We did!
I'll go talk to him.
We did what we
had to do, Jackie.
I know.
Things are gonna
get bloody, brother.
I'm not sure if Bobby's gonna
be able to roll with it.
I need to know that
I have you in my corner.
I've always been there,
and I always will.
Come here.
I love you, kid.
You understand?
I'm gonna get cleaned up.
[car approaching]
Hey, man.
You don't have to do that.
It's cool.
Just came by to see
if you needed anything.
The prospects are doing
a Costco run.
No, I'm fine.
Sit for a sec, will you?
You know, I don't think
I could've gotten through
the past month without you.
No, no, I mean it.
You reminded me of what
being a brother really is.
Thanks, man.
I've made a lot
of mistakes, Juice.
I've done some
really heinous shit.
Most of it, I-- I can't
even begin to tell you.
What are you
talking about?
You get to this point
in your life,
and you start to wonder,
are you chasing after shit
you don't even want anymore?
[sigh]
I'm exhausted, son.
Just...watch my back...
please.
[doorbell rings]
I'll get it.
Hey.
I, uh, I got two more
in the car.
Sure.
Brought you some basics.
Change up your diet
of bourbon and cornflakes.
Appreciate that.
See you later.
Thanks, sweetheart.
You okay?
Yeah.
[motorcycle revs up, leaves]
Thank you.
No.
Not here.
Let's go home.
Thank you.
Put it around my neck.
Please,
just for a few minutes.
Next to my heart.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Can I get a minute alone?
It's been a very long time
since I've prayed.
Uh, sure.
Thank you.
I'll just...
bring these to the lab.
I'll be back
in a few minutes.
Okay.
[beep, door buzzes]
[buzz]
What do you want, Delaney?
Get me the hell
out of here.
Where's Dr. Knowles?
I'm fine.
Where's his chart?
- It's not here.
- Let's go! Come on!
Bring him back to the guard.
You don't look sick to me,
Delaney.
What are you doing?
Are you done with him?
No. No.
I was just checking
these X-rays.
[grunts]
Guard! Guard!
- No!
- Aah!
No.
Please.
Don't.
Sons live.
Redwood bleeds.
No.
No!
[screaming]
How'd it go?
Nothing yet.
Ticking clock, Juice.
You should find it.
Soon.
What happens when I do?
To Clay.
The same thing
that happens to you
if you don't find it.
[sigh]
Jax.
I appreciate the digs.
Sure.
How's that board
in there looking?
Anything new pinned on it?
Nothing we both
don't already know.
Any, uh, word
on Frankie Diamonds?
My guess is you can
pull his pin out.
Right.
Three down, one to go.
Why don't you go
grab yourself a beer?
All right, thanks.
You do know I'm gonna
expect some labor
in exchange for the space.
I'll work
on my pole dancing.
What's the matter?
Why are you still dressed?
I know how bad
I hurt us, Gem.
I guess, uh...
I guess I'm just surprised
I'm even back here at all.
You don't have to believe
this, Gem, but it's true.
The only good that came
out of all the chaos
that I created
is that it showed me
the one thing I cared about,
the only thing
I cared about,
is you, baby.
I don't want to do this,
be here, unless this is...
really something you want.
I can't handle
losing you twice.
You here to tell me
I should leave town?
Where is he?
Juice?
The clubhouse,
with the guys.
How?
You're suddenly struck
with a conscience?
No more than you,
Sheriff.
Don't compare our guilt.
Hey, brother,
once you cross the line,
there is no comparing.
There's just that side
of the line.
Don't worry about Juice.
I'll take care of him.
Are you gonna take care
of Clay, too?
Dead Frankie...
the bull goose shot caller?
Unlikely.
I know it was Clay.
So do I.
Looks like we got
another common goal.
I'm not gonna
let this one end up dead
in the back of a Ford,
you understand?
Okay. I'm open
to suggestions.
Hey.
How'd it go today?
Otto reversed
his RICO statement.
You're kidding.
How?
What happened?
He killed a nurse.
Brutally.
Now the feds will have to
throw out his testimony.
Jesus, babe.
He did that with you there?
With a crucifix he gave Luann.
He asked me
to bring it to him.
I did.
Oh, shit.
He had it all planned, Jax.
He saved the MC, but he...
needed to hurt you.
The way you hurt him--
someone you love.
They're gonna find out I gave
him that murder weapon,
who I am, why I was there.
He made me
an accessory to murder.
Babe...
I'm not
gonna let that happen.
Okay? We're gonna
get through this
like we do
everything else.
That's what scares me
the most.
♪ It's sublime ♪
♪ Right if we do ♪